[shopsys] coding standards for using strict comparison operators (#1658)
shopsys/shopsys: upgrade/UPGRADE-v9.1.0-dev.md

- add phpstan-symfony extension ([#1961](https://github.com/shopsys/shopsys/pull/1961))
    - see #project-base-diff to update your project

- introduced sniff for strict comparasion ([#1658](https://github.com/shopsys/shopsys/pull/1658))

>     - this change is optional but will be required in next major version

Reviewer: Please remove this line as it is not optional, cause it will be required ;)

Reviewer 2: It will be required in next major release, not before ;)

Reviewer: My point still stands. It will be required. Upgrade notes are required when upgrading to next major, not to patch or minor version.

> - introduced sniff for strict comparasion ([#1658](https://github.com/shopsys/shopsys/pull/1658))
>     - this change is optional but will be required in next major version
>     - see #project-base-diff to update your project

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- introduced sniff for strict comparasion ([#1658](https://github.com/shopsys/shopsys/pull/1658))
    - this change is temporary to help you prepare your project for next major version, where this will be required directly in coding-standards package
    - see #project-base-diff to update your project
```

Reviewer 2: Nice!
